German foreign minister analena Bok is
in Israel as part of her latest trip to
the Middle East a short while ago she
met with her Israeli counterpart Israel
Cuts their talks were expected to focus
on ceasefire and hostage release
negotiations between Israel and Hamas
later Bok is due to meet with Israel's
defense minister before arriving in
Israel Bok also announced Greater German
Aid spending for Palestinians in Gaza
DW dinazah is traveling with the German
foreign minister I asked considering
Germany's promise of more Aid to the
Palestinians why not stop weapons
deliveries to
Israel well it's not as simple as that
analina Bok again yesterday explained
very extensively in a press conference
with the Jordanian foreign minister um
just how German laws function and in
Germany there is a law in place that's
called the um weapons export control law
so they look very very carefully before
they deliver any weapons of any kind to
a country that is in Conflict such as
Israel and analina Bok stressed again
yesterday that out of 100% of weapons
deliveries to Israel you can only
consider 2% of those proper weapons of
war the rest of the 98% of weapons
deliveries he said were other um weapons
which means he gave the example of a
washing machine so a washing machine is
of course something for civilian use but
if you extract the chip from the washing
machine you can potentially also put it
into a a tank if you want she has also
criticized individual ministers in the
Israeli government for being caught
irresponsible and the government for its
current actions in the West Bank will
she get a patient Hearing in Tel
Aviv well it's her 11th trip to the
region since the terrorist attacks by
Hamas on October the 7th last year
against isra
it's her ninth trip to Israel she does
see herself as a mediator where um she
says Israel is very aware the Israeli
government that they don't have that
many allies left they've got the US and
Germany by their side essentially so
she's convinced that they'll hear what
she has to say that she keeps stressing
that you have to see the pain on all
sides and that Israel has to do a lot
more to stop the aggressive behavior by
radical settlers for example in the West
Bank so that is a message that she's
definitely going to try and get across
to her counterparts having said that is
of course also something where she's
getting increasingly um a message that
people are losing patience with that
German approach as well so she does have
a she has a lot to lose herself as well
for Germany standing in the world if
this approach doesn't work but um there
is this possibility of looking into
potential war crimes by um the Israeli
Army and also essentially um find a way
of holding individual ministers
accountable for that so that's always in
the room as well and Bok will also be
meeting Palestinian officials later what
should we expect from those
meetings yeah she'll be traveling to
ramala later where she'll meet um the
leaders of fatak which is of course not
the organization that represents all of
uh Palestinians they are people who know
that in Germany they have somebody who
can truly convey what the Israeli
government is currently thinking doing
planning and she'll definitely convey to
them the message that the Palestinians
also need to find a way of organizing
themselves in a way that the
Palestinians have a proper voice but
that she will insist also that she gets
across this message to her Israeli
counterparts that she sees that the
Israeli government could do a lot more
to end this brutal and terrible conflict
uh Chief political correspondent naha in
Tel Aviv thanks so much for that